Your Name: Nathan Johnston

1. Besides the obvious aspect of writing fewer lines of code, what is a benefit of having a method call the methods of an internal object, as opposed to doing the work itself? (E.g., Why is it beneficial for the get_subtotal method of the Order class to make use of methods from the Product class?)
     -  Besides writing less code, using a method to call internal object methods prevents the need to look up and remember what the internal object does and/or how it works. In the case the inner object internal organs are reorganized or are changed in some way, the upper classes would only need to change the method name if at all, which makes for cleaner and easier to read.


2. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?
     -  'Namespaces are created at different moments and have different lifetimes.' Something I had trouble with this week was understanding how the Data Structures homework assignment worked (Not deques, those make sense to me, they're like a first-in-first-out version of a list). I couldn't wrap my head around how to add new instances of the song class to the playlist, because I had it in my head that everthing needs a unique name when coding or else you'll overwrite something. Apparently in python if you instantiate a class while in a loop, each reiteration of the loop creates a different class instance, even if you use the same 'variable name' for each.

3. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.
     -  Tode from my team reached out to me this week and asked for me to explain how last week's assignment works because he was having trouble understanding it. I was able to help walk him through it.

4. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?
     -  None that come to mind right now.

5. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 3hr
Checkpoint A - 20m
Checkpoint B - 20m
Team Activity - 1hr
Data Structures Homework - 6hr
Prove Assignment - 2hr

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.
