Your Name: Nathan Johnston

1. Describe two benefits of using functions.
     -  Functions, when used well, make your code easier to read, and a lot more organized
     -  Functions can make blocks of code reusable, cutting down on file size

2. If you were getting paid to write this week's "prove" assignment, and could spend another 100 hours on it, what would you do differently?
    If I were getting paid and had another 100 hrs (~3.5wks part-time) to work on this project, then I would add some of the following ideas:
     -  add a way to prompt which rate the user wants information on, residential, industrial or commercial, and    then display the data for that utility rate
     -  add a function that takes the first line of the .csv and determines which columns have the applicable data so that it isn't hardcoded in as data[6] or data[3] or whatnot; this would also be good if the datafile structure changes for whatever reason or for analysing different datafiles with the same data, but different organization.

3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?
     -  Most interesting thing I learned as part of my work this week was 'with - as'. I had never seen this before and it intrigued me, so I decided I'd figure it out. With works really well, I've found, for dealing with files.

4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.
     -  I have been spending the last little bit helping Ejimetode Avabore on Slack with his code. He was having trouble with the zipcodes part of the assignment. As it turns out he was using <= to check for the lowest rate, meaning whenever his code ran into a rate as low as the previous lowest, the program replaced the previous with the new low, which isn't what should be happening. The solution: <.

5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?
     -  I would like to learn more about writing to files, not just reading files.

6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - ~6hr
Checkpoint A - 20m
Checkpoint B - 40m
Team Activity - ~1hr
Data Structures Homework - 3hr
Prove Assignment - ~2 days

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.
