Your Name: Nathan Johnston

1. Why is it important to avoid updating the position of the object in the on_draw function?
     -  You may end up drawing the object at a place where it is not if you update in the draw function

2. Besides game programming, can you think of any other applications that would likely use event-driven programming?
     -  Operating Systems, Slack, Discord, VSCode, databases, network monitoring software

3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?
     -  I learned there was a pong.py template we were supposed to use after I had already finished the pong game. If I'm honest, the template version is better, it uses a lot more composition and methods to accomplish objectives, but my original version had increasing difficulty and the paddle had a smaller hit box. Once I got the Ball to bounce off the top, left, and bottom sides as well as the Paddle, and I got the Paddle to move up and down within the bounds of the screen and got the Ball to stop when it reached the right side, I decided to check the assignment to see if I finished all the requirements. I had not finished reading the assignment before I started. :$ 

     TL;DR: I learned I need to read the assignment and assessment criteria before starting assignments.
     What I had by the time I realized I was doing it wrong: github.com/Millwr1ght/cs-241/blob/main/pong_v1.py 

4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.
     -  Last night I helped Evan with figuring out how to make the square stay on the screen as long as the space is held down.

5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?
     -  Sprites. I saw all the documentation about sprites and I want to learn how to use them. It looks pretty cool.

6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 1hr
Checkpoint A - 30m
Checkpoint B - N/A
Team Activity - 1hr
Data Structures Homework - 4hr
Prove Assignment - 5hr

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.